# Bài 3: Triển khai VLANs và STP

## 1. Ethernet Virtual LANs

### Khái niệm Virual LAN

1. In a LAN, which of the following terms best equates to the term VLAN?
   
   - [ ] Collision domain
   
   - [x] Broadcast domain
   
   - [ ] Subnet
   
   - [ ] Single switch
   
   - [ ] Trunk

2. Imagine a switch with three configured VLANs. How many IP subnets are required,assuming that all hosts in all VLANs want to use TCP/IP?
   
   - [ ] 0
   
   - [ ] 1
   
   - [ ] 2
   
   - [x] 3
   
   - [ ] You cannot tell from the information provided.

3. Switch SW1 sends a frame to switch SW2 using 802.1Q trunking. Which of the answers describes how SW1 changes or adds to the Ethernet frame before forwarding the frame to SW2?
   
   - [ ] Inserts a 4-byte header and does change the MAC addresses
   
   - [x] Inserts a 4-byte header and does not change the MAC addresses
   
   - [ ] Encapsulates the original frame behind an entirely new Ethernet header
   
   - [ ] None of the other answers are correct

### Cấu hình và xác minh VLAN và VLAN trunking

4. Imagine that you are told that switch 1 is configured with the dynamic auto paramete for trunking on its Fa0/5 interface, which is connected to switch 2. You have to configure switch 2. Which of the following settings for trunking could allow trunking to work? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [x] on 
   
   - [ ] dynamic auto
   
   - [x] dynamic desirable
   
   - [ ] access
   
   - [ ] None of the other answers are correct.

5. A switch has just arrived from Cisco. The switch has never been configured with any VLANs, but VTP has been disabled. An engineer configures the vlan 22 and name Hannahs-VLAN commands and then exits configuration mode. Which of the following are true? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [x] VLAN 22 is listed in the output of the show vlan brief command.
   
   - [x] VLAN 22 is listed in the output of the show running-config command.
   
   - [ ] VLAN 22 is not created by this process.
   
   - [ ] VLAN 22 does not exist in that switch until at least one interface is assigned to that VLAN.

6. Which of the following commands identify switch interfaces as being trunking interfaces: interfaces that currently operate as VLAN trunks? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [ ] show interfaces
   
   - [x] show interfaces switchport
   
   - [x] show interfaces trunk
   
   - [ ] show trunks

### Giải quyết sự cố về VLANs và VLAN Trucks

7. In a switch that disables VTP, an engineer configures the commands vlan 30 and shutdown vlan 30. Which answers should be true about this switch? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [x] The show vlan brief command should list VLAN 30.
   
   - [x] The show running-config command should list VLAN 30.
   
   - [ ] The switch should forward frames that arrive in access ports in VLAN 30.
   
   - [ ] The switch should forward frames that arrive in trunk ports tagged with VLAN 30.

8. The show interfaces g0/1 trunk command provides three lists of VLAN IDs. Which items would limit the VLANs that appear in the first of the three lists of VLANs?
   
   - [ ] A shutdown vlan 30 global command
   
   - [x] A switchport trunk allowed vlan interface subcommand
   
   - [ ] An STP choice to block on G0/1
   
   - [ ] A no vlan 30 global command

## 2. Khái niệm giao thức STP

## Cơ bản về STP và RSTP

1. Which of the following port states are stable states used when STP has completed convergence? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [x] Blocking
   
   - [x] Forwarding
   
   - [ ] Listening
   
   - [ ] Learning
   
   - [ ] Discarding

2. Which of the following bridge IDs wins election as root, assuming that the switches
   with these bridge IDs are in the same network?
   
   - [ ] 32769:0200.1111.1111
   
   - [ ] 32769:0200.2222.2222
   
   - [x] 4097:0200.1111.1111
   
   - [ ] 4097:0200.2222.2222
   
   - [ ] 40961:0200.1111.1111

### Cụ thể về STP

3. Which of the following are transitory port states used only during the process of STP convergence? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [ ] Blocking
   
   - [ ] Forwarding
   
   - [x] Listening
   
   - [x] Learning
   
   - [ ] Discarding

4. Which of the following facts determines how often a nonroot bridge or switch sends an STP Hello BPDU message?
   
   - [ ] The Hello timer as configured on that switch.
   
   - [x] The Hello timer as configured on the root switch.
   
   - [ ] It is always every 2 seconds.
   
   - [ ] The switch reacts to BPDUs received from the root switch by sending another BPDU 2 seconds after receiving the root BPDU.

### Khái niệm Rapid STP

5. Which of the following RSTP port states have the same name and purpose as a port state in traditional STP? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [ ] Blocking
   
   - [x] Forwarding
   
   - [ ] Listening
   
   - [x] Learning
   
   - [ ] Discarding

6. RSTP adds features beyond STP that enable ports to be used for a role if another port on the same switch fails. Which of the following statements correctly describe a port role that is waiting to take over for another port role? (Choose two answers.)
   
   - [x] An alternate port waits to become a root port.
   
   - [ ] A backup port waits to become a root port.
   
   - [x] An alternate port waits to become a designated port.
   
   - [ ] A backup port waits to become a designated port.

7. What STP feature causes an interface to be placed in the forwarding state as soon as
   the interface is physically acti ?
   
   - [ ] STP
   
   - [ ] EtherChannel
   
   - [ ] Root Guard
   
   - [x] PortFast