# Bài 6: OSPF

## 1.Hiểu khái niệm về OSPF
### Comparing Dynamic Routing Protocol Features  
1. Which of the following routing protocols is considered to use link-state logic? 
    - [ ] RIPv1
    - [ ] RIPv2 
    - [ ] EIGRP 
    - [x] OSPF

2. Which of the following routing protocols use a metric that is, by default, at least par- tially affected by link bandwidth? (Choose two answers.)
    - [ ] RIPv1
    - [ ] RIPv2 
    - [x] EIGRP 
    - [x] OSPF

3. Which of the following interior routing protocols support VLSM? (Choose three answers.)
    - [ ] RIPv1
    - [x] RIPv2 
    - [x] EIGRP 
    - [x] OSPF
### OSPF Concepts and Operation

4. Two routers using OSPFv2 have become neighbors and exchanged all LSAs. As a result, Router R1 now lists some OSPF-learned routes in its routing table. Which of the following best describes how R1 uses those recently learned LSAs to choose which IP routes to add to its IP routing table
    - [ ] Each LSA lists a route to be copied to the routing table.
    - [ ] Some LSAs list a route that can be copied to the routing table.
    - [x] Run some SPF math against the LSAs to calculate the routes.
    - [ ] R1 does not use the LSAs at all when choosing what routes to add.

5. Which of the following OSPF neighbor states is expected when the exchange of topol- ogy information is complete between two OSPF neighbors?
    - [ ] 2-way
    - [x] Full
    - [ ] Up/up 
    - [ ] Final

### OSPF Areas and LSAs
6. A company has a small/medium-sized network with 15 routers and 40 subnets and uses OSPFv2. Which of the following is considered an advantage of using a single-area design as opposed to a multiarea design?
    - [ ] It reduces the processing overhead on most routers.
    - [ ] Status changes to one link may not require SPF to run on all other routers.
    - [x] It allows for simpler planning and operations.
    - [ ] It allows for route summarization, reducing the size of IP routing tables.
## 2.Triển khai OSPF
### plementing Single-Area OSPFv2 
1. Which of the following network commands, following the command router ospf 1, tells this router to start using OSPF on interfaces whose IP addresses are 10.1.1.1, 10.1.100.1, and 10.1.120.1?
    - [ ] network 10.0.0.0 255.0.0.0 area 0
    - [x] network 10.0.0.0 0.255.255.255 area 0
    - [ ] network 10.0.0.1 0.0.0.255 area 0
    - [ ] network 10.0.0.1 0.0.255.255 area 0

2. Which of the following network commands, following the command router ospf 1, tells this router to start using OSPF on interfaces whose IP addresses are 10.1.1.1, 10.1.100.1, and 10.1.120.1?
    - [x]  network 10.1.0.0 0.0.255.255 area 0
    - [ ]  network 10.0.0.0 0.255.255.0 area 0
    - [ ]  network 10.1.1.0 0.x.1x.0 area 0
    - [ ]  network 10.1.1.0 255.0.0.0 area 0
    - [ ]  network 10.0.0.0 255.0.0.0 area 0

3. Which of the following commands list the OSPF neighbors off interface serial 0/0? (Choose two answers.)
    - [x] show ip ospf neighbor
    - [ ] show ip ospf interface brief
    - [ ] show ip neighbor
    - [ ] show ip interface
    - [x] show ip ospf neighbor serial 0/0
### OSPFv2 Interface Configuration 
4. An engineer migrates from a more traditional OSPFv2 configuration that uses net- work commands in OSPF configuration mode to instead use OSPFv2 interface con- figuration. Which of the following commands configures the area number assigned to an interface in this new configuration?
    - [ ] The area command in interface configuration mode
    - [x] The ip ospf command in interface configuration mode
    - [ ] The router ospf command in interface configuration mode
    - [ ] The network command in interface configuration mode

### Additional OSPFv2 Features
5. Which of the following configuration settings on a router does not influence which IPv4 route a router chooses to add to its IPv4 routing table when using OSPFv2?
    - [ ] auto-cost reference-bandwidth
    - [x] delay
    - [ ] bandwidth
    - [ ] ip ospf cost

6. OSPF interface configuration uses the ip ospf process-id area area-number configu- ration command. In which modes do you configure the following settings when using this command?
    - [x] The router ID is configured explicitly in router mode.
    - [ ] The router ID is configured explicitly in interface mode.
    - [ ] An interface’s area number is configured in router mode.
    - [x] An interface’s area number is configured in interface mode.