# Bài 8: Wireless LANs

## 1.Thành phần của mạng wireless
### Comparing Wired and Wireless Networks
1. Wired Ethernet and Wi-Fi are based on which two IEEE standards, respectively?
    - [ ] 802.1, 802.3
    - [ ] 802.3, 802.1
    - [x] 802.3, 802.11
    - [ ] 802.11, 802.3
### Wireless LAN Topologies
2. Devices using a wireless LAN must operate in which one of the following modes?
    - [ ] Round-robin access
    - [x] Half duplex
    - [ ] Full duplex
    - [ ] None of these answers

3. An access point is set up to offer wireless coverage in an office. Which one of the fol-lowing is the correct 802.11 term for the resulting standalone network?
    - [ ] BSA
    - [ ] BSD
    - [x] BSS
    - [ ] IBSS

4. Which one of the following is used to uniquely identify an AP and the basic service set it maintains with its associated wireless clients?
    - [ ] SSID
    - [x] BSSID
    - [ ] Ethernet MAC address
    - [ ] Radio MAC address
### Other Wireless Topologies
5. Which one of the following can be used to provide wireless connectivity to a nonwire-less device?
    - [ ] Wireless repeater
    - [x] Workgroup bridge
    - [ ] Transparent bridge
    - [ ] Adaptive bridge

6. Which one of the following is not needed in a Cisco outdoor mesh network?
    - [ ] A BSS function
    - [x] Ethernet cabling to each AP
    - [ ] A workgroup bridge
    - [ ] A backhaul network
### Wireless Bands and Channels
1. Which of the following are frequency bands commonly used for Wi-Fi?
    - [ ] 2.5 KHz
    - [ ] 2.5 MHz
    - [ ] 5MHz
    - [x] 2.5 GHz
    - [x] 5GHz

8. Which of the following are considered to be nonoverlapping channels?
    - [ ] Channels 1, 2, and 3 in the 2.4-GHz band
    - [ ] Channels 1, 5, and 10 in the 2.4-GHz band
    - [x] Channels 1, 6, and 11 in the 2.4-GHz band
    - [x] Channels 40, 44, and 48 in the 5-GHz band
## 2.Phân tích kiến trúc mạng Wireless Cisco
### Autonomous AP Architectures
1. Which one of the following terms best describes a Cisco wireless access point that operates in a standalone, independent manner?
    - [x] Autonomous AP
    - [ ] Independent AP
    - [ ] Lightweight AP
    - [ ] Embedded AP
### Cloud-based AP Architecture
2. The Cisco Meraki cloud-based APs are most accurately described by which one of the following statements?
    - [ ] Autonomous APs joined to a WLC
    - [x] Autonomous APs centrally managed
    - [ ] Lightweight APs joined to a WLC
    - [ ] Lightweight APs centrally managed
### Split-MAC Architectures
3. A lightweight access point is said to participate in which one of the following architectures?
    - [ ] Light-MAC
    - [ ] Tunnel-MAC
    - [x] Split-MAC
    - [ ] Big-MAC

4. How does a lightweight access point communicate with a wireless LAN controller?
    - [ ] Through an IPsec tunnel
    - [x] Through a CAPWAP tunnel
    - [ ] Through a GRE tunnel
    - [ ] Directly over Layer 2

5. Which one of the following is not needed for a lightweight AP in default local mode to be able to support three SSIDs that are bound to three VLANs?
    - [x] A trunk link carying three VLANs
    - [ ] An access link bound to a single VLAN
    - [ ] A WLC connected to three VLANs
    - [ ] A CAPWAP tunnel to a WLC
### Comparing Wireless LAN Controller Deployments
6. Which one of the following WLC deployment models would be best for a large enter-prise with around 3000 lightweight APs?
    - [ ] Cisco Mobility Express
    - [ ] Embedded
    - [x] Unified
    - [ ] Cloud-based
### Cisco AP 
7. If a lightweight AP provides at least one BSS for wireless clients, which one of the fol-lowing modes does it use?
    - [x] Local
    - [ ] Normal
    - [ ] Monitor
    - [ ] Client

8. Regarding lightweight AP modes, which one of the following is true?
    - [ ] An AP can operate in multiple modes at the same time.
    - [ ] An AP only has one possible mode of operation.
    - [ ] The Run mode is the default mode.
    - [x] The SE-Connect mode is used for spectrum analysis.
## 3.Bảo mật bảng wireless
### Anatomy of a Secure Connection
1. Which of the following are necessary components of a secure wireless connection? (Choose all that apply.)
    - [ ] Encryption
    - [ ] MIC
    - [ ] Authentication
    - [x] All of these answers are correct.

2. Which one of the following is used to protect the integrity of data in a wireless frame? 
    - [ ] WIPS
    - [ ] WEP
    - [x] MIC 
    - [ ] EAP
### Wireless Client Authentication Methods
3. Which one of the following is a wireless encryption method that has been found to be vulnerable and is not recommended for use?
    - [ ] AES 
    - [ ] WPA 
    - [ ] EAP 
    - [x] WEP

4. Which one of the following is used as the authentication framework when 802.1x is used on a WLAN?
    - [ ] Open authentication
    - [ ] WEP
    - [x] EAP
    - [ ] WPA
### Wireless Privacy and Integrity Methods
5. Suppose you would like to select a method to protect the privacy and integrity of wireless data. Which one of the following methods should you avoid because it has been deprecated ?
    - [x] TKIP 
    - [ ] CCMP 
    - [ ] GCMP 
    - [ ] EAP

6. Which one of the following is the data encryption and integrity method used by WPA2?
    - [ ] WEP
    - [ ] TKIP 
    - [x] CCMP 
    - [ ] WPA
### WPA, WPA2, and WPA3
7. The Wi-Fi Alliance offers which of the following certifications for wireless devices that correctly implement security standards? (Choose all that apply.)
    - [ ] WEP 
    - [x] WPA2 
    - [ ] 802.11 
    - [ ] AES

8. A pre-shared key is used in which of the following wireless security configurations? (Choose all that apply.
    - [x] WPA2 personal mode
    - [ ] WPA2 enterprise mode
    - [x] WPA3 personal mode
    - [ ] WPA3 enterprise mode
## 4.Xây dụng mạng wireless LAN
### Connecting a Cisco AP
1. Suppose you need to connect a lightweight AP to a network. Which one of the fol- lowing link types would be necessary?
    - [x] Access mode link
    - [ ] Trunk mode link
    - [ ] LAG mode link
    - [ ] EtherChannel link

2. An autonomous AP will be configured to support three WLANs that correspond to three VLANs. The AP will connect to the network over which one of the following?
    - [ ] Access mode link
    - [x] Trunk mode link
    - [ ] LAG mode link
    - [ ] EtherChannel link
### Accessing a Cisco WLC
3. Suppose you would like to connect to a WLC to configure a new WLAN on it. Which one of the following is a valid method to use?
    - [ ] SSH
    - [ ] HTTPS
    - [ ] HTTP
    - [x] All of these answers are correct.
### Connecting a Cisco WLC
4. Which one of the following correctly describes the single logical link formed by bun- dling all of a controller’s distribution system ports together?
    - [ ] PHY
    - [ ] DSP
    - [x] LAG
    - [ ] GEC

5. Which one of the following controller interfaces maps a WLAN to a VLAN?
    - [ ] Bridge interface
    - [ ] Virtual interface
    - [ ] WLAN interface
    - [x] Dynamic interface
### Configuring a WLAN
6. Which two of the following things are bound together when a new WLAN is created?
    - [ ] VLAN
    - [ ] AP
    - [x] Controller interface
    - [x] SSID
 
7. What is the maximum number of WLANs you can configure on a Cisco wireless controller?
    - [ ] 8
    - [ ] 16 
    - [x] 512 
    - [ ] 1024

8. Which of the following parameters are necessary when creating a new WLAN with the controller GUI? (Choose all that apply.)
    - [x] SSID
    - [ ] VLAN number
    - [x] Interface
    - [ ] BSSID
    - [ ] IP subnet